src/posts/greek-films-watched-so-far.md, before:

---
layout: layouts/post.njk
title: Greek films watched so far
date: 2022-05-05T18:51:42.790Z
tags:
  - films
---
Part of my approach to learning a language in record time is to consume as much Greek as possible.

This isn't dissimilar to the way we learn languages at school - those of us who had the privilege to attend bilingual schools - but this time around I'm having to do it under pressure, compressed in 9 months and \*gasp\* taking full responsibility of the process and the outcome.

As far as I recall - and my memory is far from excellent, so my childhood schoolmates may want to correct me if I'm wrong - we used to learn 10 vocabulary words a week (please tell me it wasn't 10 a day!) and we had "memory work" every Friday. We'd have to learn by heart a song or a poem, the teacher would have us approach their desk and we'd have to recite it.

Now there's less memory and less time available for me to learn a fourth language, and Greek isn't as ubiquitous as, let's say, French, Spanish, English or even Chinese.

It's hard to consume popular culture - series, reality TV (for current language and slang, of course, purely academic) - with subtitles.

Because what exactly am I supposed to do without subtitles now?

Get used to the language, I hear you say. Well, of course, but that's what the night time podcast is for (more on that for another blog update). Now it's about films.

Here are some that I've watched that have subtitles:

[Worlds apart](https://youtu.be/Le8xXf3xmqU), wonderful film

[Little England](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_DSneUsZ51s) / ΜΙΚΡΑ ΑΓΓΛΙΑ

[Η γεύση της αγάπης](https://youtu.be/k4L0he1WC0I), full short film, good for practicing language but hard to stomach if sexism and objectification of women isn't your thing

[Έτερος Εγώ](https://youtu.be/y3zho2aV2bs), full film, entertaining if you like crime (fiction, not *actual* crimes)

And [here are some films I haven't watched](https://thevore.com/greek-movies/) but that I'll look for.

Plus some other recommendations by a Youtube content creator whose channel I enjoy.

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/4s1dCtz7ufw" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

Commit message:

Update Posts “greek-films-watched-so-far”

src/posts/greek-films-watched-so-far.md, after:

---
layout: layouts/post.njk
title: Greek films watched so far
date: 2022-05-05T18:51:42.790Z
tags:
  - films
---
Part of my approach to learning a language in record time is to consume as much Greek as possible.

This isn't dissimilar to the way we learn languages at school - those of us who had the privilege to attend bilingual schools - but this time around I'm having to do it under pressure, compressed in 9 months and ***gasp*** taking full responsibility of the process and the outcome.

As far as I recall - and my memory is far from excellent, so my childhood schoolmates may want to correct me if I'm wrong - we used to learn 10 vocabulary words a week (please tell me it wasn't 10 a day!) and we had "memory work" every Friday. 

We'd have to learn by heart a song or a poem, the teacher would have us approach their desk and we'd have to recite it.👩🏽‍🏫

Now there's less memory and less time available for me to learn a fourth language, and Greek isn't as ubiquitous as, let's say, French, Spanish, English or even Chinese.

It's hard to consume popular culture - series, reality TV (for current language and slang, of course, purely academic), streamed films - with subtitles. 

Because what exactly am I supposed to do without subtitles now?

Get used to the language, I hear you say. Well, of course, but that's what the night time podcast is for (more on that for another blog update). Now it's about films.

Believe me, I've gone through Netflix with a fine comb and there's nothing 🤷🏻‍♀️ 

So, in the spirit of 'sharing is caring' here are some that I've watched that have subtitles, so that other beginner Greek learners can benefit too:

[Worlds apart](https://youtu.be/Le8xXf3xmqU), wonderful film

[Little England](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_DSneUsZ51s) / ΜΙΚΡΑ ΑΓΓΛΙΑ

[Η γεύση της αγάπης](https://youtu.be/k4L0he1WC0I), full short film, good for practicing language but hard to stomach if sexism and objectification of women isn't your thing

[Έτερος Εγώ](https://youtu.be/y3zho2aV2bs), full film, entertaining if you like crime (fiction, not *actual* crimes)

And [here are some films I haven't watched](https://thevore.com/greek-movies/) but that I'll look for.

Plus some other recommendations by a Youtube content creator whose channel I enjoy.

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/4s1dCtz7ufw" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>
